You can check with the if statement if the thing you're checking is a file, which is kind of useful.
So if cmd_output_vars.sh is a file, then
'echo its a file'
So if you check that for a directory--remember, '.' is just for the current directory--then nothing happens
because it's not in the directory, but you can change
that to a "d"
Well, that--you should say it's a directory.
So those are pretty useful for scripting because sometimes you want to do stuff--you might want to
delete only files and not folders or whatever else it may be.  You can also check if variables are empty
or not.
So if I just--
--empty-- so I could just make up a variable name
then,
'echo its an empty var'
But you can check if it's a--'$SHELL' is a variable, I know that has something in it, then that produces
nothing.
And the opposite of that is if it's a non-zero so if there's something in it, then you say it's--it's
a populated var.
Same thing, if you did that, then it doesn't work.
So those are good ones to know for your script.